anyone who watches this channel knows
how obsessed i am of horror movies but
even within the world of horror death
games is by far my favorite sub-genre if
you watched swedgam on netflix recently
if you haven't why the hell not and
can't get enough welcome to my world you
come to the right place currently the
world's most watched series on netflix
and slated to become the most watched of
all time the show is finally bringing
death games to the mainstream
although it is a sadly scarce genre
compared to other genres that is there
are some hidden gems out there that will
provide the same adrenaline pumping
mind-boggling feelings
for your viewing pleasure i compiled a
list of shows and movies that you should
promptly add to your watch list
as a disclaimer some of these aren't in
english but once you overcome the one
inch tall barrier of subtitles you will
be introduced to so many more amazing
films and shows
trust me on that
now let's start with the list by the way
this list is in no particular order
alice in borderland
the biggest comparison that has been
made to squid games since its release is
by far alice in borderland if you like
squid games you're going to love this
series the basic plot summary is that
orisu a genius gamer who never lived up
to his potential suddenly finds himself
in an abandoned version of tokyo where
he must compete in life-threatening
games to avoid getting lasered in the
head by a mysterious entity
if you survive you get granted a several
day visa after which you have to
willingly return to another game
naturally alliances are formed
friendships are tested and betrayals are
made
as the god's will
as the gods was a 2014 japanese
supernatural horror film
high school student shun takahata spends
much of his time playing violent video
games one morning at school he complains
that his life is completely boring but
then he suddenly finds himself forced to
participate in a game with death as the
penalty for losing
anything but boring the first game is
the japanese version of red light green
light the other games that follow are
just as dangerous and chaotic including
basketball kagame kagami and kick the
can
liar game
when a college student is invited to
join a mysterious reality show called
liar game she finds more than she
bargained for in a psychological
survival game where and participants
succeed by tricking each other the one
who is the biggest trickster gets to win
what else but a handsome cash award
battle royale
the legendary movie that inspired so
many death games 42 9th graders are sent
to a deserted island but this isn't
paradise an explosive collar is fitted
around their necks and they are given a
mission to kill each other and be the
last one standing
equipped with a map food and various
weapons they're told that only the last
survivor is allowed to leave the island
[Music]
three percent
if you're looking for mine testing games
that don't involve too much blood this
dystopian portuguese series should be
right up your alley every year each 20
year old is given a series of tests
although participants aren't shot in the
head for failing they are denied entry
to an island paradise dubbed the
offshore and are forced to remain in
poverty for the rest of their lives the
worst part only three percent of the
candidates pass
memories of the alhambra
not a death game per se but the show has
games in death
the netflix korean drama about an
advanced ar game incorporates elements
from just about every genre you can
think of sci-fi fantasy adventure and
romance forget the augmented reality
that you think you know this new and
intricate version allows you to see
through a contact lens so you can't
differentiate between game and real life
but when a system glitch causes users to
feel pain and die from their wounds ceo
zujunwu needs to track down the missing
game coder to find out why it's
happening and what they can do to stop
it
belko experiment
you may have your qualms about corporate
life but look on the bright side at
least you're not forced to kill your
coworkers
an ordinary day the office takes a turn
for the worse when 80 employees at the
belko corp in bogota colombia learn that
they are locked in the building and have
to kill their co-workers with nothing
but staplers and hole punchers at their
disposal
oh and they also have explosive trackers
buried in their heads that will detonate
if they don't participate
would you rather
the classic game gets a sadistic twist
to say the least when it's announced
that the winner will be awarded obscene
amounts of money
sounds cool but as the game progresses
it becomes clear why there is only one
winner mainly because there is only one
winner left
standing escape room
escape rooms are a concept practically
made for this genre and this one six
strangers are thrown into a series of
them for a chance to win tons of money
if you've been in an escape room before
you'll know that being timed is normal
getting killed for missing the timer is
not unfortunately these contestants soon
find that death awaits at zero if they
fail to solve the puzzle
cube
occult classic for good reason cube is a
must watch for anyone who likes escape
rooms because well the cube is the og
escape room when a group of strangers
wake up inside of it not knowing how or
why they got there they have to navigate
a maze full of other q-shaped rooms to
escape with many fatal booby traps along
the way
the nightmarishly complex situation is a
perfect example of the slow spiral into
insanity the human mind can take
king's game
transferring to a new school is rough
even rougher when you have to play a
death game with them the game's
instructions come via text message from
someone who calls himself the king and
all class members must participate
lucky for nabiaki kanazawa he hasn't
made any friends so there's zero
emotional attachment unlucky for him
he's played the game before in his
previous school so he has the difficult
choice between saving his classmates or
prioritizing his own survival
zero
zero yukai is a middle school teacher
with a pretty cool side hustle he's a
modern day robin hood hero of sorts who
steals large amounts of money from
criminals to return to the victims but
when his deeds draw the attention of a
twisted and wealthy man he is forced to
participate in a deadly game at an
amusement park with 100 billion yen at
stake
kaiji based on the famous manga the live
action series features a
good-for-nothing man named kaiji aidu
who has a severe gambling addiction
unable to pay his debts he takes up a
shady offer to participate in an illegal
underground gamble on a cruise ship what
follows is a deadly roller coaster of
mind games including rock paper scissors
japanese mahjong and a high stakes
tissue raffle
circle
in this futuristic sci-fi thriller
fusion 50 strangers wake up in a dark
room to find out that they are being
executed one at a time based on a set of
rules that have been set by an unknown
force
as they realize they have to pick one
person amongst them to live the movie
gets at the root of one of the biggest
philosophical conundrums what determines
the value of a human life
saw the series
i'm ending this list with probably the
most popular american deaf game series
of all time
fair warning if blood and gore is in
your thing this probably isn't for you
but you can't help but be a bit
impressed by the intricacies and
complexities behind every jigsaw created
death trap
thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe and make sure you comment
below
also if you feel like sharing some love
don't forget to smash the like button
it might not seem like much but it
really helps me out
see you soon